that's very easy to get the pur now we
can try and get it to pick up in the mic
and she rubs her face on it marking it
with her scent Oh what are you doing Kat
what are you doing you were doing all
sorts of crazy random stuff tonight
you're probably gonna attack me so
please don't do that anyway people want
to see what the room looked like when it
was finally done and it's about as
complete as it's gonna get right now
because I don't have any any other
flight furniture coming the bed is here
everything set up over there it's pretty
much the same I'm rendering out a really
long ass Mario hack right now I think
was like it see how it done it is eighty
four point seven percent done that is a
forty two minute video or something like
that so you know it's got to be good but
anyway this is gonna be about as done as
its ever gonna be
still some other stuff to do as you can
see there's a little little part here
that's missing I had gotten all the
left4dead
posters from left 4 dead 1 which you can
see all right there at least I'm pretty
sure that's all of the campaign so might
be one that I'm missing but and then I
had all the ones from left 4 dead 2 but
unfortunately I kind of ran out of room
I thought these were gonna be a little
bit smaller or that they were all gonna
be like horizontal and the cats meowing
though they were all gonna be horizontal
but that really wasn't the case so I
kind of ran out of room so you were
still what do you want you have food
shut up
but anyway I posters are pretty much all
done a lot of this stuff was up during
the last video so posters and stuff are
all good I don't know if I had the new
TV but I got a new TV because the old TV
was like a $200 clearance display TV I
got when I was still working at Target
so I figured it was about time for an
upgrade considering that thing had been
on for a while and it was still from
Target era so got rid of that but we got
the bed here I think I did the the
little video about the bed but the beds
here random stuff here I got a couple
more staff uses that I don't know if
I've covered them all but you can see
them very quickly here including this
piccolo who I've always thought kind of
looked like he was trying to take a dump
for whatever reason
like a little random like wooden log
thing or something and I was like he's
trying real real hard to take it dump
not quite as good as casual Goku but
dumping piccolo is still pretty good and
I select some room here for any statues
that I decided to get it see I have like
a little cloud statue here I think
that's new um I think I had all this
other stuff from before I already did of
Leon this I have a joker statue that
came in there's that guy it's not a deck
of cards I got a new DVD rack too this
one's a lot better we can see all my
DVDs here and blu-rays and complete
Frasier collection complete Dragon Ball
Z collection I think one two three four
five
DC complete series I've never seen
really anything from GT I didn't really
like it but I have it just to watch and
do whatever I have the complete Dragon
Ball series one of the other seasons is
over there I think two is uh on the
Ottoman over there the cat came to say
hi and attack shoes and then I've got
some other stuff so this bad boy is new
and a lot sturdier coffee table with
Skyrim all doing statue I believe
Dragonball still and this thing here
that has some more statues I believe the
Batman statue and the gear statue are
new I think I've had the other stuff
since you know awhile but that's pretty
much it the room is complete as it's
going to be aside from a couple more
posters that I'm probably gonna get to
fill in a couple blank spaces and a
couple more statues that I'll probably
get in time to fill up the table to fill
up that table so for those of you who
are interested in what everything looked
like we are pretty much done now with
everything everything should be complete
for the most part
please stop clawing at my jeans yeah
you're an asshole all right well anyway
that's it the room is complete if I get
any other cool statues or posters I'll
be sure to let you know now you're
attacking me and thanks for watching I
appreciate it I'll talk to you guys
later